2.1 Statutory Holidays: All employees are eligible for the statutory holiday designated by China government.

2.2 Total Annual Vacation
For protecting the employees' right to rest, and encouraging employees to make reasonable arrangements in respect of work/life balance, in addition to statutory holidays, the Company provides the total annual vacation program which contains the following 3 components:
(1) Designated Holiday: Employees are entitled to 1 day in a year. The designated holiday is on Dec. 25th each year and it's subject to change as determined by the Company.
(2) Optional Holiday: Employees are entitled to a total of 2 days a year, which is in addition to the Annual Leave.
• Those unused Optional holidays can neither be carried over to next year nor en-cashed.
• For employees whose actual working time is less than 6 months in current year, the entitlement is 1 day.
(3) Annual Leave:
• All employees are eligible for annual leave upon onboarding. The entitlement is based on employee years of service (YOS) with IBM. The YOS in IBM is calculated based on the Company's relevant regulation or agreement in labor contract.
• Any unused leave entitlement of the preceding year will be forfeited from April 1st.
0-4 years with the company, 10 working days of annual leave per year.
5-9 years with the company, 15 working days of annual leave per year.
10-15 years with the company, 19 working days of annual leave per year.
16-20 years with the company, 21 working days of annual leave per year.
From 21 years with the company, 22 working days of annual leave per year.

2.3 Total Annual Vacation Management
(1) IBM Total Annual Vacation Entitlement for an eligible employee covers the Statutory Annual Leave entitlement. All leave days in addition to the statutory annual leave entitlement will be company voluntary leave entitlement.
(2) Any leave taken (including Annual Leave, Optional Holiday, IBM Designated Holiday etc.) will be deducted from Statutory Annual Leave first, followed by company voluntary leave.
(3) The number of annual leave days for the year when an employee joins the Company should be calculated pro-rated according to the actual number of calendar days during which he/she was employed.
(4) All new hires are required to declare the accumulated career years of service regardless the employer by providing the input of the date entered workforce in system within 1 month of hire date. The Company will calculate Employee Statutory Annual Leave entitlement based on declared accumulated career years of service in accordance with related laws and regulations of paid annual leave.
(5) Unused Statutory Annual Leave entitlement by March 31st the following year shall be paid at two times the average daily salary for all employees. Any unused company voluntary leave entitlement will be forfeited from April 1st with no cash payment.
(6) Overtaken annual leaves are treated as Leave of Absence, and the employee is required to refund the corresponding salary.
(7) The minimum unit of annual leave that an employee may apply to take is half of a working day (4 hours). The Company reserves the right to arrange annual leave based on business needs and government regulation, meanwhile, employees are also responsible to arrange annual leave properly, apply and record leaves in system in time.

2.4 Marriage Leave
(1) Employee who has registered for marriage is entitled to take 7 consecutive calendar days of marriage leave. If the legislated city entitlement is higher, then the employee is entitled to the city entitlement.
(2) Marriage Leave should be taken within one year from the date of registration of marriage, otherwise, it will no longer be effective.
(3) Before taking leave, employee who applies for Marriage Leave should submit related documents or certificates per company's requirement.

2.5 Maternity Leave
(1) A female employee who is in compliance with the China birth regulations and policies, are entitled to below leaves:
a. 98 calendar days Maternity Leave for normal birth;
b. To follow local legislation, additional maternity leave can be granted to the eligible female employees;
c. An additional fifteen days of Maternity Leave can be granted for Dystocia/Caesarean birth; for multiple births, fifteen days maternity leave can be granted for each child;
d. During the period of breast-feeding their babies aged less than one year old, female employees may apply for one hour per working day for lactation. The time off cannot be accumulated;
e. For abortion within four months in pregnancy, the employee might be given fifteen to thirty calendar days of maternity leave upon receiving medical report from physician. Abortion after four months in pregnancy, the employee might be given forty-two calendar days of maternity leave upon receiving medical report from physician.
(2) The leave mentioned above is consecutive calendar days including weekends and statutory public holiday.
(3) If the legislated city entitlement is higher, then the employee is entitled to the city entitlement.
(4) The employee who applies above leave shall submit related documents or certificates per company's requirement.

2.6 Parental Leave
(1) A male employee who is in compliance with the China birth regulations and policies, is entitled to fully paid Parental Leave for 7 consecutive calendar days.
(2) Parental Leave duration is driven by city legal requirement. Employees' entitlements to Parental Leave are determined in accordance with applicable legislation. If the legislated city entitlement is higher, then the employee is entitled to the city entitlement.
(3) An employee who adopts children is also entitled to fully paid 7 consecutive calendar days off.
(4) The employee who applies Parental Leave shall submit related documents or certificates per company's requirement.

2.7 Home Leave
(1) If an employee does not live in the same city as his/her spouse or parents, he/she may apply for home leave according to the following policies and with reference to the relevant national rules and regulations.
(2) The employee who applies Home Leave shall submit related documents or certificates per company's requirement.

2.8 Compassionate Leave
Eligible employees are entitled to 3 working days of Compassionate Leave upon the loss of an immediate family member. Immediate family member refers to:
(1) Spouse
(2) Parents or Parents in law
(3) Children
(4) Immediate brother and sister
(5) Grandparents or Grandparents in law
The employee who applies Compassionate Leave shall submit related documents or certificates per company's requirement.

2.9 Sick Leave
Employee is eligible for sick leave in the provision of this clause when employee receives medical treatment or recuperates from illness or non-work-related injury following diagnosis at a hospital designated by the insurance company. For more details please refer to W3 Sick Leave policy website.
(1) Sick leave application and administration process
a. If an employee cannot go to work due to illness, he/she must submit a written application to company for sick leave approval within 2 days, upon which he/she may enjoy paid sick leave. If the employee cannot perform the obligations for notification outlined above, he/she may entrust his/her immediate relatives to do so.
b. For sick leave application: per company's requirement to submit sick leave supporting documents (originals, referring to Table 1) to company designated personnel for review (it is advisable for the employee to retain copies of these documents): Table 1
c. Employee is required to submit the application for sick leave via HR system to obtain the approval of his/her reporting manager. If an employee submits documents supporting his/her application for sick leave according to the procedures mentioned above and obtains the approval of his/her reporting manager, but fails to submit the application for sick leave via HR system, the employee must submit in a timely manner a supplementary application for sick leave lasting no more than two weeks via HR system either before taking sick leave or on the first day after returning to work. For a sick leave application of more than two weeks, the employee's reporting manager could submit such application in HR system on the employee's behalf.
d. The Company will determine the approval of paid sick leave for employees according to the doctor's diagnosis certificate. In particular cases, the Company reserves the right to consult with a hospital or doctor designated by the Company, and the Company is also entitled to request the employee to undergo a re-examination at the Company's designated hospital. If the documents supporting the application for sick leave are inconsistent with the opinion of the hospital or doctor designated by the Company, then the Company will adopt the opinion of the hospital or doctor designated by the Company. If the employee refuses to do re-examination without proper reason or refuse to provide adequate documents required by Company, the Company may reject the sick leave application and shall have the right to decide the compensation during the absence, any taken leave which is failed to pass through the review by company designated personnel will be treated as unpaid leave.
e. Employee shall follow medical advice for treatment and rest at home.
(2) Medical Leave Period
a. Medical leave period refers to a period in which an employee suspends work and receives medical treatment, or takes rest due to illness or a non-work-related injury. The standards for the medical leave period shall be determined subject to the relevant laws, rules and regulations. During the medical leave period, the employee shall apply for sick leave according to the relevant application procedures. The number of days for the employee's medical leave period shall be calculated according to the following methods. If the medical leave period per local regulation precedes the following calculation methods, IBM will follow local government regulations.
Years of Services	Maximum Medical Leave Period (30 days as a month)	Cumulative Leave Period to Calculate Medical Leave Entitlement
Less than 5 years	Not exceeding 6 months	12 months
5 years or more but less than 10 years	Not exceeding 9 months	15 months
10 years or more but less than 15 years	Not exceeding 12 months	18 months
15 years or more but less than 20 years	Not exceeding 18 months	24 months
20 years or more	Not exceeding 24 months	30 months
Remarks:
•	The above medical period is based on calendar days. Weekend and public holiday are inclusive.
•	If the employee got critical sickness and cannot recover return to work within the medical leave period, the Company shall consider and extension of the medical leave period based on the employee's performance and contribution with necessary review and approval process. The maximum medical leave extension is no more than 6 months (no more medical leave extension for employees within probation period).
b. Return to work and treatment after a medical leave period:
•	If an employee returns to work upon the expiry of a medical leave period, the Company may continue to perform the employment contract with him/her.
•	If an employee cannot perform his/her original job or other jobs arranged by the Company upon the expiry of a medical leave period, the Company may terminate the relevant employment contract and make economic compensation to the employee according to the relevant national and local regulations. Upon the expiry of medical leave period, employee still needs sick leave is deemed as cannot perform his/her original job or other jobs arranged by the Company.
(3) Compensation during sick leave
a. Compensation during sick leave:
The below table outlines the length of sick leave and maximum pay ration based on the duration of the sick leave. The exact pay ratio during medical leave is subject to CH&S and company management team's review based on a fact-based robust evaluation inclusive of medical condition(s), treatment period, supporting documents, etc. The pay ratio will not be lower than laws and local regulations.
Length of Sick Leave	Pay Ratio During Sick Leave
First 15 cumulative days of sick leave	Not exceeding 100%
Starting from 16th cumulative day till less than 6 months of sick leave	•	YOS is 5 years or more: not exceeding 100%
•	YOS is less than 5 years: not exceeding 80%
Starting from 6 months of cumulative sick leave	Not exceeding 60%
Remarks: Sick leave pay deduction is based on number of paid days in the sick leave period.
b. Extension of medical leave period and compensation for such extended periods: during the extended medical leave period, the amount of consideration payable to the employee shall be determined by the Company's management.

2.10 Additional Time Off
(1) Employee can apply Additional Time Off to handle personal businesses such as blood donation, testimony, etc.
(2) Managers may approve up to 10 (ten) consecutive working days of Additional Time Off paid or unpaid. Managers may consider exceptional situations that require greater than ten (10) working days of Additional Time Off (unpaid or paid) when other Leave programs are not applicable, up to a maximum of thirty (30) calendar days. Managers should consult with their HR prior to approving more than ten (10) paid or unpaid working days off for an employee.

2.11 Leave of Absence (LOA)
(1) Regular employees can apply for Leave of Absence for Personal /Dependent Care /Education. Leave of absence must be greater than 31 calendar days and up to 3 months with manager's prior approval.
(2) Employees are not entitled to any remuneration during the Leave of Absence period. For eligibility for benefit programs, please refer to company's regulation.
(3) The employee will return to work by end of the Leave of Absence. If employee has no intention to return from Leave of Absence, he/she will be deemed to have voluntarily resigned as of the last day of Leave of Absence.
For more details please refer to W3 Leave of Absence policy website.

2.12 Leave Management
(1) All above leave applications shall be raised in HR system based on the company policy, and the employee can only take leave after providing the necessary documents and obtaining manager's approval.
(2) For all above leave policy details please refer policy in W3 HR website.
